Add post for today's security advisory (#383)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2019-05-13-Security-advisory.md

---
layout: post
title: "Security advisory for the standard library"
author: The Rust Core Team
---

The Rust team was recently notified of a security vulnerability affecting
the standard library's recently stabilized `Error::type_id` function. This can
be overridden to safely cast any type to any other, causing memory unsafety.

We're in the process of applying for a CVE number for this vulnerability. Fixes

> for this issue have landed in the Rust repository for the stable/beta/master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for this issue will land soon in the Rust repository for the stable/beta/master
```
